Now for our access policy in Exige role to be useful actually useful We're going to have to attach these
resources together.
And for this last part of I am operations.
Let's just go up and create our method.
So I'm going to say attach access policy to execution Rob.
All right.
So within this method what I'm going to do is read her I am client dot attach roll policy.
So this is the method that I'm looking for and I have to pass in the roll name first and that is of
course the Lamda role and to policy Aaron is of course the one that I have here.
So let's just get it where the axis policy error.
And here we go.
So now let's go down and call our Methot and see it in action.
So let's just say attach access policy to execution rule.
I'm going to go and hit run.
And here we go.
Our request is successful with HTP through hundert and our access policy is attached to our execution
roll.
So we are ready to move on with creating our lambda function.
So to do that I'll be seeing you on the next video.